[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this video
we'll be reviewing the 1972 zombie film
children shouldn't play with dead things
let's get to it the movie opens on a
grumbly old groundskeeper approaching a
dapper gentlemen of the night
unfortunately for him the visitor
appears to be some sort of zombie
vampire who gives him a good shaking
they're joined by another shrouded
figure and then get to work swapping out
some coffin contents we then cut to a
shot of the big city and a group of
young bohemian proto hipsters on a small
boat it's an acting troupe headed toward
a cemetery island looking for a
production value as they plan on digging
up a dead body Alan the leader of the
troupe is a pretentious [ __ ] and
attempts to make a lascivious deal with
Paul regarding the sex rights to Terri
she manages to talk her way out of it by
explaining her sexual history rather
than just saying no blabber girl they
gear up and head into the woods toward
the light at the graveyard
Alan introduces them to their new set
waxing poetic with a mellifluous oration
and employing a totally bitchin vocal
fry' your levity does not amuse me
Jeffrey they continue on and are
observed from the woods when the group
pauses to get their bearings Alan
workshops some new ideas that came to
him right then oh the curse of the
artist a constant conduit for creation
eventually they make it to the old
caretakers cottage busting lighted up
and start exploring as they do they
continue to fill every moment with
melodramatic chatter and excessive
sweating several of them have a brief
fireside conversation about ghosts where
Anya engages a bit of her crazy side as
Alan gets ready for the evenings
festivities he refers to his troupe as
children justifying the somewhat
misleading title he then pulls out a
shotgun a Necronomicon and the finest
wizard's robe he could afford he
confirms the plans to bring someone back
from the dead and bending him to their
will the island was selected because it
meets all the requirements of the spell
they find a good grave and start digging
they are descended upon by Google's
creating some momentary fear responses
which is punctuated by Alan laughing of
course Oh what is that Roy as everyone
expresses their upset Alan continues to
laugh incessantly they eventually get
over it and get on with the rituals the
prank only being a fun diversion they
caress the course previously exhumed and
get to ritualizing beforehand Paul is
disturbed by a barely buried corpse that
Alan takes as a sign that they will all
rise he begins the incantations and
works himself into a froth but his
performance ends flaccid Lee in the
Silence of the night Alan gets angry at
Satan for spurning him and pops
off his crew laughs at his impotent rage
and thinking she can do better a vow
steps up to take a swing and summoning
the demons she ad-libs a little
something and gets familiar with Satan
so what's the trouble hmm
but despite her best insult she can't go
to the corpse to reanimate they get into
a one-upping tennis match ending with
Alan choosing to bring Orville back to
the cottage for an actor life is
performance so Alan spins off a
one-liner about thresholds into a faux
wedding luckily his drama friends appear
to be down for anything at a moment's
notice as Alan continues to push the
envelope Paul and Terry get fed up
Alan asserts his dominance by
threatening to cancel her contract and
while she's busy getting back into his
good graces Anya starts to get the
crazies again and finally voices her
opinion in a way that confirms all prior
suspicions about her mental health the
tension begins to swell as Anya pleads
for him to stop Orville's my friend I'll
do what I want with him well that's not
really what friends do since monologuing
is what these friends do do anya takes
some time to beg forgiveness while Alan
transports the body to his marital bed
so he can pout while the rest of the
group is also leave back at the yard Roy
Emerson go to bury the accidental corpse
momentarily distracted by a fancy bauble
they let down their guard and Roy finds
himself on the receiving end of a throat
hug their response to this is somewhat
milder than one would expect the only
time we bear witness to understated
acting and they soon find themselves
surrounded theirs in a full-on awakening
resulting in Emerson's consumption the
group leaves the cottage to a very
different situation than they
anticipated as a bloody droid charges
back pursued by a mob of the undead they
proceed to barricade themselves inside
while the zombies peek through the
windows like their early to a Black
Friday sale or something inside Terry
takes over the role of freaking out the
onslaught ends abruptly however and the
zombies take to standing around
aimlessly they take this opportunity to
confirm Roy's condition as dead and then
secure the premise they want to get to
either the gun or the boat and Paul
recommends a distraction upfront while
he runs out the back they get in a brief
scuffle which is really well lit thanks
to Terry and then go to check Paul's
progress out back they discover he
managed to make it about 15 feet and he
was the athlete of the group which
doesn't bode well for the rest of them
Terry is dragged into the abyss Geoff
attempts to pull her out but gets
totally grossed out when one of the
undead touches him so he leaves her to
her faith Val and Alan start pointing
fingers actually you both did it
this gets Jeff's mind humming and he has
the great idea of attempting a
counterspell which Alan invokes
immediately of Jim O'Gorman hey I know
that word the zombies are tracked in the
group heads
out sands Orvil despite the spell
recommending they return him to his
grave as a result they only make it so
far before being confronted by a wall of
zombies Jeff and Val are torn to shreds
as Alan and Anja run back in locking the
door or not Alan goes ahead and makes a
sacrifice for his own well-being but
then locks himself in his room with a
now reanimated Orville who promptly
comes to get that honeymoon he was
promised the zombies then go fishing and
that was children shouldn't play with
dead things a movie that pairs up with
Fido mostly in name only if you're not
subscribed I would love for you to be a
part of the channel I hope you enjoyed
the video and thanks for watching